Update of submit-a-pr.md for DCO (#827)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/contributing/to-docs/submit-a-pr.md

The first step in the PR process is to commit your changes to a branch on your fork. You must add a DCO sign-off to all of your commits, otherwise your PRs will not be reviewed or merged. DCO stands for [*Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)*](https://github.com/apps/dco). The DCO sign-off is your certification that your contribution is your own original work, or that you otherwise have the right to submit the work. DCO sign-off is easy to do, and just as easy to forget.

{{< important >}}

> If you used the web UI to make your commit vs the commandline, your PR may fail the DCO check and you will need to add a `Signed-off-by:` line to your commit message. For GitHub accounts made prior to July 18, 2017, you need to use `username@users.noreply.github.com` as the email address. For accounts created after that date, you will need to use your GitHub-provided no-reply email address is a seven-digit ID number and your username in the form of `ID+username@users.noreply.github.com`. For more information regarding setting your commit email address, refer to the [Setting your commit email address instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences/setting-your-commit-email-address).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the GitHub web UI to make your commit, you must add a `Signed-off-by:` line to your commit message or the DCO check will fail. For GitHub accounts created prior to July 18, 2017, use `username@users.noreply.github.com` as the email address. For accounts created after that date, use your GitHub-provided no-reply email address. The new no-reply email address is a seven-digit ID number and your username in the form of `ID+username@users.noreply.github.com` that can be found in the email tab of your GitHub account settings. For more information about setting your commit email address, refer to the [Setting your commit email address instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences/setting-your-commit-email-address).
```
